Docs/get/pypi.md, before:

# 📦 From PyPI

!!! quote "**The most reliable** way to use the Projects | Direct Module CLI or Dependency"

## ⚡️ Installing

!!! success "**All Projects** are centralized on this single dependency"

!!! info annotate "(1) **Some Projects** or (2) **Optionals** require [**PyTorch**](https://pytorch.org/) separately due (3) **Reasons**"

1.  Like [**DepthFlow**](https://github.com/BrokenSource/DepthFlow)
2.  Like [**ShaderFlow.Optional.Monocular**](https://github.com/BrokenSource/ShaderFlow)
3.  - Different flavors exists, no sense to force any of CUDA, CPU or ROCm on all users
    - It's a large dependency and not always needed

!!! abstract "Install the Package"
    === "Pip"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m pip install broken-source
        ```

    === "Poetry"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m poetry add broken-source
        ```

    === "Rye"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m rye add broken-source
        ```

    === "PDM"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m pdm add broken-source
        ```

## 🚀 Upgrading
Simply upgrade dependencies on your Python Package Manager of choice

## ♻️ Uninstalling
Simply uninstall the package on your Python Package Manager of choice

Commit message:

More website work, pytorch, reutilizing readme as index.md

Docs/get/pypi.md, after:

# 📦 From PyPI

!!! quote "The most reliable way to use the Projects | Direct Module CLI or Dependency"

!!! warning "Updated Wheels are not available yet. Will do after this Website is great"

## ⚡️ Installing

!!! success "All Projects are contained on this single dependency"

!!! abstract "Install the Package"
    === "Pip"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m pip install broken-source
        ```

    === "Poetry"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m poetry add broken-source
        ```

    === "Rye"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m rye add broken-source
        ```

    === "PDM"
        ```shell title="Command"
        python -m pdm add broken-source
        ```

    !!! info annotate "Some Projects or Optionals require specifying a <a href="https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/" target="_blank">PyTorch</a> flavor (1)"

    1.  - No sense to me to force any of CUDA, CPU or ROCm
        - It's a large dependency and not always needed

## 🚀 Upgrading
Simply upgrade dependencies on your Python Package Manager of choice

## ♻️ Uninstalling
Simply uninstall the package on your Python Package Manager of choice
